lately old people are crawling everywhere
Developers lay under their stones
out
kickstarter is not quite there
innocent the crowdfunding platforms
helps creative minds with ideas
implement a lot of money cost
that would be the case in the past without big studios
not possible
we introduce you to four in this special
Develop lying in front of us in the year
2014 particularly noticed
brian fargo comes from a family
has become rich through banks
the family founded wells fargo die
biggest bank in the world and american
express it is all the more astonishing that
the scion of such a bank of
family mid-70s his
future in the straight on no
video game industry was looking for those from brian
fargo founded company interplay
produced hits like bard's tale battle
chess jim and mdk the respective years
to hitherto unprecedented gameplay
mechanics area would have its biggest
The achievement was 1988
appeared roleplay wasteland in
wales land was the first time one
persistent world in the change in the world
the game was saved
player to a previously visited areal
back he found it like he did
had left
the design of yesterday also took place
great appeal
The on-site series understands itself as
spiritual follower of the original so
for example, the world of
characters in fallout simply as
wasteland called
brian fargo also has a certain amount
Hands on talent within the
find and promote studios
so name n feeds and michael morhaime
1992 under contract the later one
games company called blizzard
should establish an entertainment
Another successful group of the
Interplay was promoted today
under the name bio he is known the black
as studios which for the development
from fallout 2 planescape torment and ice
Dell was responsible for the takeover
within interplay the marketing
the former bioware title baldur's gate
and baldus g2 since taking over it
from electronic arts and the departure
the reasons is the company according to brian
fargo but not the same after
the insolvency of interplay in 2004
It was very quiet polling until 2012
inspired by the success of tim
shepherd of another developer
legend swayed fargo on the
kickstarter halfway up and funded
wasteland 2 about the crowdfunding
platform where there are two appeared
2014 and caused fargo to all
future projects only about
to finance crowdfunding torment
partly on nomura the unofficial
Continuation of planscape torment
cracked within a few hours the
million mark and displaced the
game console or as the fastest
funded project on kickstarter
david braben is known who the game
eh song from the year 1984
the space game enthusiastic players
with his trading system and the
great size of space its
then founded company frontier
developments brought the continuation
frontier eli 2 and frontier first
encounter it on the market too
popular series rollercoaster tycoon in
you have your own leisure park
build can come from the frontier
developments after the rollercoaster
Tycoon series developed frontier games
for the then still new
kinect motion sensor from microsoft
david gray it was to play in relation
but always calmer bremen is
by now actually more engineers
as a game designer and developed in the
year 2011 the minicomputer raspberry pi
with whom he actually study that
wanted to teach programming
credit cards big raspberry pi was
but so beloved that today by many
people as a media center router or
even small game console is used
the application possibilities of the mini
computers are almost unlimited
it costs just 30 euros on the 6th
november 2012 bremen announced to the
long awaited fourth song lili
dangerous about kickstarter too
finance eli dangerous hired
kickstarter set a new record for the
highest funding target of 125
million pound on the game it on 16
december 2014 and he was pleased
already in the early access phase
great popularity
after the break after gamespot sits
Member of the Royal Academy of
engineering is and the chairman of the
Government sketch boards for the
approval of university courses
he became a knight in 2014
the highest honor struck the one
British citizens can be assigned
Chris Roberts is known for that
Legendary space game Wing Commander
which he at origin systems
developed the resulting
franchise was the most successful product
the company and wing commander went
course in continuation wing commander
privateer wing commander 3 and wing
commander four were also from
roberts developed while being responsible for the
interim sequences of the films even direct
led
that was probably a lot of fun for him
since now dedicated to the world of film as
playing the computer chris roberts
produced in the following years
several movies underneath in Japanese
unfortunately before and lucky number slevin
fall in the year 2011 roberts took place though
but again the way to the
Computer games back with a new one
company called cloud imperium games built
he is a home for his mammoth project
star citizen is supposed to space mmo
both but faltin fight together aebischer
singleplayer campaign all wing
commander as well as gigantic space
Trading opportunities as in freelancer
contain star citizen has meanwhile
The $ 50 million brand cracked
the ambitious game is that
most successful project which
financed mainly by crowdfunding
has been
robert father with his experience
the film business a skilful marketing
strategy on him again and again money
in the coffers flushes regular video
Updates and shot for the bakers of
roads all over the world
take care that the hype
probably will not wane so fast
while david brave and chris roberts
virtual space was flying around
richard garriott actually already
once there according to british flew in october
2008 to the space station iss and was almost
was the first space tourist
through the bursting of the dotcom bubble in the
year 2000 lost money but so much
that he takes the place to the
finance agent dennis had to give tito
and realize his dream until 2008
could
garrett company cogent systems to the
later also chris roberts came across
developed and distributed the games
today the absolute cult of
But video game history does not belong
only chris roberts and richard garriott
are great by working at origin
become
also other legends of the industry
started her career in görries company
such as the x11 warder
spector or john romero founder of
software and producer of doom quake
and a revolutionary but unfortunately
indexed title famous richard
garriott with the antimatter
the official old maria includes nine
share and revolutionized that
roleplay genre so brought money
First moral decisions in
a computer game also developed
garriott with ultima online one of the
the first mmo rpg s of the history of
protagonist in all games is one
young man of richard garriott
alter ego lord british to so sarah
is called to different there
to drive
initially, however, the game character became
just referred to as the foreign from what
later then the avatar became after
gerd with crazy actions and his
space trip made headlines
he returned to video games in 2013
the material financed by kickstarter
like avatar is considered unofficial
Continuation of the former ultima series
and appears in 2015 and it now
on steam in early access version
available the kickstarter spent us
So developers legend of those back
we did not expect that they were still
times a game would develop like
do you agree with the topic you have
maybe even individual projects
support writes us in the
comments area